README.md, before:

# Silverstripe

Provides [SilverStripe](http://www.silverstripe.org/) syntax highlighting and snippets.

[![Powered by Sanchez](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gorriecoe/silverstripe-sanchez/master/resources/poweredby.png)](https://github.com/gorriecoe/silverstripe-sanchez)

## Features

- Reads the project composer.lock file to determine the available snippets.
- Php snippets follow [psr-2 standards](http://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-2/)
- Snippets inject use item if available and possible.
- Supports 4.\* and 3.\*.
- Uses full word prefixes so you don't have to remember abbreviations.
- Includes snippets for addons modules such as [tagfield](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-tagfield) and [linkable](https://github.com/sheadawson/silverstripe-linkable).
- .ss templates include scope and conditional indentation.

## Options

[Add your own snippets](https://github.com/gorriecoe/silverstripe-sanchez)

## Enable emmet

Open `Preferences` -> `Settings`

Add below settings to enable Emmet for .ss files:

```json
"emmet.includeLanguages": {
    "silverstripe": "html"
}
```

## Contributions

Go for gold, if it adds value, add it and I'll merge it.

Commit message:

Sanchez v2 update (#21)
Improved composer detection
Improved node detection
Added feature go to definition
Added ss template include, themeCSS and themeJavascript snippets
Added toggle to hide snippet count
Added behaviour option when composer and/or node packages aren't found. Either allowing all or no snippets if packages aren't found.

README.md, after:

# Silverstripe

Provides [SilverStripe](http://www.silverstripe.org/) syntax highlighting and snippets.

[![Powered by Sanchez](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gorriecoe/silverstripe-sanchez/master/resources/poweredby.png)](https://github.com/gorriecoe/silverstripe-sanchez)

## Features

- Reads the project composer.lock file to determine the available snippets.
- Php snippets follow [psr-2 standards](http://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-2/)
- Snippets inject use item if available and possible.
- Supports 4.\* and 3.\*.
- Uses full word prefixes so you don't have to remember abbreviations.
- Includes snippets for addons modules such as [tagfield](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-tagfield) and [linkable](https://github.com/sheadawson/silverstripe-linkable).
- .ss templates include scope and conditional indentation.
- .ss templates support go to definition for `<% include %>`, `<% themedCSS %>` and `<% themeJavascript %>`.
- .ss templates autocomplete paths include, themedCSS and themeJavascript. ie. includepagination will complete to `<% include SilverStripe/Blog/Pagination %>` if found in the appropriate directory.

## Options

[Add your own snippets](https://github.com/gorriecoe/silverstripe-sanchez)

## Enable emmet

Open `Preferences` -> `Settings`

Add below settings to enable Emmet for .ss files:

```json
"emmet.includeLanguages": {
    "silverstripe": "html"
}
```

## Contributions

Go for gold, if it adds value, add it and I'll merge it.
